This is a basic package which uses the python script "RunStats.py" to facilitate the use of limit 
setting and plot production using an input spreadsheet which contains the number of signal and 
background events, data events, and integrated luminosity, and their respective errors. 

To run the code, there are only a couple steps:

1) Make a spreadsheet in csv format similar to that of LQDataOld.csv. The only part that
   matters here is the portion between the lines "Summary" and "End Summary" where the 
   data is summarized in a manner that can be easily fed into the roostats_cl95.C tool. 

   The information at the top of the spreadsheet is an aid in calculating systematic 
   uncertainties and data/MC totals, if necessary. An example of this is in "LQData.xls"

   If you use the excel file to guide your calculations, just make sure the summary portion
   is correctly filled out and save as a "CSV" file so the python script can read it.

   Ultimately, the only columns that matter to the process are the leftmost column of the
   summary information and the columns Signal, Error, Data, BG, Error that follow. 
   Everything else is just helper information to make calculations. Also, there must be
   the line in the summary info which has integrated luminosity stated like:
   "Integrated Luminosity: 152.8 +- 5.2"    

2) Then, with an input CSV file (e.g. MyLQData.csv), simply run the command:
  
   python RunStats.py MyLQData.csv

   The script will make sure you are running the appropriate root version, and then
   parse the information in the CSV file into C scripts using roostats_cl95.C, and
   calculate limits (This can take some time). When calculations are complete, the limit
   values will be stored in a LimitResults.csv file, which give the values of the
   observed and expected limits 1/2 sigma confidence intervals. 

   Limit values are then placed into plot macros based on the BetaPlot_Template.C
   and BetaSquaredPlot_Template.C, and plots are produced. 

   To change the format of the plots, edit the template files to your liking. Keep
   in mind that all limit values used in the plots are changed by the python 
   script automatically, there is no need to ever edit these by hand. 

   Plots are returned in PDF,EPS and PNG format. 

NOTE: 

   If you are running locally (not on LXPlus) you must use root 5.28 or higher. 
   Root 5.28 is tested and working, but root 5.27 will not. 

   On LXPlus, if 5.28 is not the current working release in your environment, 
   the script will detect this and return you commands you can use to 
   update the root version in your environment. Then simply rerun.

Enjoy!
